NARRATOR: Our heroes
have brought Goodra back
to its home in the wetlands,
and everyone is
saying their goodbyes.
ASH: It's awesome that we
were able to battle together.
GOODRA: [SAD AGREEMENT]
ASH: Hey, don't be sad.
I'll see you again!
DEDENNE: [HEARTBROKEN]
GOODRA: [SURPRISED]
GOODRA: [EMOTIONAL]
ASH: Take care, Goodra.
HAWLUCHA: [FAREWELL]
NOIVERN: [FAREWELL]
GRENINJA: [FAREWELL]
TALONFLAME: [FAREWELL]
DEDENNE: [SAD]
GOODRA: [EMOTIONAL]
ASH: Thanks again.
GOODRA: [AGREEMENT]
GOODRA: [FAREWELL]
GOODRA/FLORGES/FLOETTE/
QUAGSIRE X 2/LOTAD X 2/
SWANNA X 2/BELLSPROUT/
YANMEGA X 2: [FAREWELL]
BONNIE: Everybody get along!
DEDENNE: [FAREWELL]
SERENA: See you later!
CLEMONT: Goodbye, everyone!
ASH: See ya!
PIKACHU: [FAREWELL]
GOODRA: [FAREWELL]
SERENA: Say. The airport's
up and running again.
ASH: Yeah? Guess when we
get back to Lumiose City,
I'll fly home.
CLEMONT: I guess that
means our journey's almost over.
It's kind of sad, you know?
SERENA: Something wrong?
ASH: Uh, I'm not sure...
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
ASH: Greninja? What's going on?
GRENINJA: [WATCHFUL]
GRENINJA: [STARTLED]
ASH: What's that?
CLEMONT: One of those vines...
like before!
ASH: Could Team Flare
be doing all this?
PIKACHU: [ANGRY]
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
CLEMONT: I wonder if
this could be the work
of a group of some sort...
CLEMONT:
A group like Team Flare.
BONNIE: But I thought
Squishy got rid of them all...
ASH: We've got to get
rid of them right away!
You ready, Greninja?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GRENINJA: [RISING YELL]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [DETERMINED]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [WARNING]
ASH:
You're right. I see it, too.
SERENA:
What, Ash? What do you see?
ASH: It's some red thing.
ASH‐GRENINJA: [SUGGESTING]
ASH: Got it.
At least it's worth a try...
ASH:
'Kay Greninja! Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
BONNIE: You did it!
CLEMONT:
Looks like it lost its strength!
ASH: Wonder if it
came from that red glow.
PIKACHU: [UNCERTAIN]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
BONNIE: Now what's going on?
PIKACHU: [WARNING]
ASH: Look out!
ASH: Hey...
CLEMONT: It's a Cell!
BONNIE: It's Squishy's friend!
CLEMONT: It's YOU!
XEROSIC: We meet again.
SERENA: Clemont, who's he?
CLEMONT:
Xerosic! Team Flare's scientist!
I battled him!
CLEMONT: But, I thought I...
XEROSIC: No way!
XEROSIC:
True, I lost to you back then...
But I'm miraculously back.
And I'm now in the
process of creating
Team Neo Flare!
SERENA: Team Neo Flare?
ASH: What are you gonna do?
BONNIE: Give back
Squishy's friend right now!
XEROSIC: No, I can't do that.
I'm going to get every Cell and
obtain Zygarde Complete Forme!
Lysandre's ambitions will
then be able to come true!
ASH: I'm never gonna
let you get away with that.
Greninja, smash that thing!
ASH: Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
XEROSIC:
Stop them with Signal Beam!
MALAMAR: [SIGNAL BEAM MOVE]
PIKACHU/ASH‐GRENINJA:
[STRUGGLING]
BONNIE: Clemont! They took it!
CLEMONT: And I know that
Cell is Squishy's friend!
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
XEROSIC:
You'll be coming with us, too!
ASH: Clemont!
BONNIE: Clemont, NO!
ASH: No!
PIKACHU/ASH‐GRENINJA:[ANGRY]
ASH:
You can catch up to them! Do it!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[AFFIRMATIVE] [EXERTION]
CLEMONT: What are you
planning to do with me?
XEROSIC: Your scientific
knowledge will be useful.
You will join us, of course!
CLEMONT: I'll never help you!
XEROSIC:
Oh, I don't need you to agree.
If I use my control system
on you, you'll do as I say,
just like Zygarde did!
You'll be an enhanced human!
XEROSIC:
Prepare to use the beam!
CLEMONT:
Wait! Please don't use the beam!
CLEMONT: I have one request.
May I clean my glasses first?
XEROSIC:
That's all? But of course.
CLEMONT: Thanks very much.
XEROSIC:
Now, ready? Let's begin!
JESSIE:
When I say no, I mean NO!
JESSIE: My close‐up
should be right here!
JAMES: It should be when
I give Inkay my command!
JESSIE: Puhleeze...
MEOWTH: NOW HEAR THIS!
It's gonna be when I was
flying the news copter, capisce?
JESSIE/JAMES: What?
JAMES: The point of editing this
is so it looks like we destroyed
Team Flare and not the Twerps,
you twit!
JESSIE: What do we do
if the Boss finds out?
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET:
[SURPRISED]
WOBBUFFET:
[QUESTIONING] / [TERRIFIED]
B ZYGARDE 10% :
[DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
JAMES:
That came out of nowhere...
JESSIE:
But what I'm asking is...
just what was "that"?
WOBBUFFET: [PROUD]
JESSIE:
You recorded the whole thing?
JAMES: Genius! I'll edit that
golden nugget into our scene!
MEOWTH: Hands off!
JESSIE: I'M the genius here!
XEROSIC:
My dear Cell... Where are you?
ASH: Greninja just found them.
SERENA: How's Clemont?
ASH: Well... All I see
are Xerosic and Malamar.
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
ASH: Think you can sneak
inside somehow, Greninja?
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
XEROSIC: Oh, there you are.
Malamar, use Psychic.
MALAMAR: [PSYCHIC MOVE]
MALAMAR: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Oh, no!
XEROSIC:
What are you doing here?
Malamar, use Signal Beam!
MALAMAR: [SIGNAL BEAM MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ASH: Greninja, Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
MALAMAR: [STARTLED]
BONNIE: There they are!
ASH: You give both of them back!
XEROSIC: Retreat for now.
All right, Malamar,
use Psycho Cut!
MALAMAR: [PSYCHO CUT MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [BRACING]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [FRUSTRATED]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [SHOCKED]
SERENA: No, it can't be!
ASH: It's fine.
ASH: Greninja's fine.
ASH: It's hiding underneath.
SERENA: Yeah?
PIKACHU: [RELIEVED]
ASH: Yeah.
BONNIE: Thank goodness!
ASH: 'Kay, lego!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [STRAINED]
XEROSIC: All right.
It looks like I've gotten away.
And by now, that thing
should be finished.
ASH: I can see them up there!
ASH: Let's go!
SERENA/BONNIE: Right!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Zygarde Complete Forme!"
XEROSIC:
So! How are you feeling now?
CLEMONT: I feel great.
Thanks to you, Xerosic,
leader of Team Neo Flare.
XEROSIC:
That has such a nice ring!
ASH: We're here!
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
ASH: I know Greninja's
flying around here,
though I can't see just where.
ASH: Greninja, we're here,
up at the top of the mountain!
ASH: I see it! I should be
able to reach it if I jump!
ASH: I'll hop on that plane!
SERENA: Not from here...
BONNIE:
What happens if you fall?
ASH: I can't let them escape!
ASH:
I've gotta do it. I'm going!
'Kay, with me?
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
SERENA: I'm going, too!
BONNIE: Me, too!
BONNIE:
We're always a team, right?
ASH: All right!
Make sure you do what I say!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Now! Let's go!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [RELIEVED]
ASH: You did it, Greninja.
SERENA: Yeah, thank you!
BONNIE: That was a close one!
ASH:
Clemont... Where could he be?
ASH: Clemont!
BONNIE: Clemont!
XEROSIC: I welcome
you all to the unveiling
of the enhanced human!
ASH: What did you do?
BONNIE: Give me back my brother
and Squishy's friend right now!
XEROSIC: Your brother is
currently being mind controlled
and has become Team Neo Flare's
first enhanced human!
CLEMONT: Yes, Xerosic, sir.
BONNIE: Clemont!
SERENA: It can't be!
ASH: Clemont, snap out of it!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
XEROSIC: Unit one! Your first
job is to capture them all!
CLEMONT: Right. As you wish.
SERENA: This can't be real!
BONNIE: Clemont!
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
ASH: There's no way
Clemont could be that weak!
ASH: He'd never give
in to your mind control!
CLEMONT: Thank you for
having faith in me, Ash!
ASH: Clemont, YES!
XEROSIC: What?
CLEMONT:
You know I'm an inventor!
The future is now,
thanks to science!
Clemontic Gear, on!
CLEMONT:
After what happened before,
I invented this multi‐
electromagnetic wave blocker.
CLEMONT:
I call it Jamming Unit One!
I inconspicuously attached it
while pretending to
wipe off my glasses.
XEROSIC: Unbelievable!
CLEMONT:
That makes twice you've failed
against one of my inventions!
CLEMONT:
This device, and my Clembot,
should prove whose
inventions are superior!
Time to admit
you've been defeated!
XEROSIC:
My inventions are inferior?
This is not possible!
XEROSIC:
Crobat! Use Air Slash, now!
CROBAT: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: Chespin, Pin Missile!
CROBAT: [AIR SLASH MOVE]
CHESPIN: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
ASH:
Clemont! Let's get 'em together!
CLEMONT: All right!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [DETERMINED]
CHESPIN: [CONFIDENT]
XEROSIC:
All right, Malamar, Signal Beam!
And Crobat, Wing Attack!
MALAMAR: [SIGNAL BEAM MOVE]
CLEMONT: Now, dodge it!
CHESPIN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
CLEMONT: Use Tackle!
CHESPIN: [TACKLE MOVE]
CROBAT: [PAINED]
XEROSIC: You pesky little...
I'm not going to
let you annoying brats
ruin my plan of perfection!
Now, Crobat, use Air Slash!
CROBAT: [AIR SLASH MOVE]
ASH: Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
CROBAT: [IMPACT]
CROBAT: [STUNNED]
XEROSIC: Crobat, return!
XEROSIC: This is not acceptable!
As long as I have my
ideas and my genius mind,
I'll be able to
recreate this world!
Defeat is NOT an option!
ASH: Come back!
XEROSIC: Malamar, return!
XEROSIC: We must
meet again sometime!
I'm not finished yet!
See you again!
CLEMONT: You won't get away!
XEROSIC: Let go!
CLEMONT: You're going to pay for
all the awful things you did!
And from now on,
you need to invent
things that help humanity!
XEROSIC: Tell me something.
XEROSIC: You've got a
lot of strength. But why?
CLEMONT: Honestly,
I wasn't that strong before.
CLEMONT: But my time
with Ash and all my friends,
and all that
we've experienced...
That's given me the
strength I have now!
XEROSIC: Your friends...
OFFICER JENNY: Now, get in.
SERENA: Glad that's over with.
BONNIE:
Hey, you know Squishy, right?
Squishy's your friend...
ASH: What happened?
PIKACHU/DEDENNE: [CRINGING]
BONNIE: Squishy!
BONNIE: I missed you.
Feeling better now?
My little Squishy...
SQUISHY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: We're getting
to see Squishy again!
CLEMONT:
Bonnie, that's great isn't it?
ASH: Sure is!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
SQUISHY: [QUESTIONING]
BONNIE: What is it?
SQUISHY: Follow me!
GRENINJA: [SURPRISED]
BONNIE: Where are you going?
ASH: Come on!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [SHOCKED]
PIKACHU: [SHOCKED]
ASH: Zygarde...
B ZYGARDE 50%: Greninja,
I've come to ask a favor of you.
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
SERENA:
Was that the voice of Zygarde?
ASH: It's telepathy.
B ZYGARDE 50%:
The vines that reappeared...
Their roots have burrowed
themselves deep into the ground,
and they emerge by
absorbing negative energy.
What we destroyed was
merely on the surface.
B ZYGARDE 50%:
The scars from the incident
that nearly destroyed
the world are deep.
The two of us are
destroying the roots
that are scattered
throughout Kalos, one by one.
SQUISHY: However,
it's difficult even for me to
pinpoint their exact locations.
B ZYGARDE 50%: Yet, Greninja...
It seems that you are
somehow able to locate them.
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: So that was
the negative energy...
B ZYGARDE 50%: I do not know
why only you possess that power,
but I am in need
of your assistance.
SQUISHY: Will you
help us with your power?
BONNIE: Power?
SERENA: Does that mean...
ASH:
What will it be? Greninja...
ASH: I know.
What happened before
can never happen again.
ASH: Remember what
Professor Sycamore said?
That maybe it
wasn't a coincidence
that I met you way back
when you were still a Froakie.
ASH:
I think that maybe he was right.
It wasn't a coincidence.
ASH:
That when you and I power up...
it isn't an accident.
ASH: Maybe your power was
always meant for this moment.
ASH‐GRENINJA: [MOVED]
ASH: Thanks.
ASH: You always became
stronger to help someone else.
So now, this time...
you'll help Kalos,
and the world.
ASH: It's like
something's telling you
that what you need to do now is
find all that negative energy.
ASH: Don't worry!
We'll always be connected,
even if we're not
in the same place.
The truth is we won't
ever really be apart!
PIKACHU: [SAD]
ASH:
This is what you've gotta do.
ASH‐GRENINJA: [RESOLVED]
ASH: Oh, Greninja...
ASH‐GRENINJA: [TOUCHED]
ASH: That's right.
This is how it has to be.
ASH‐GRENINJA: [COMMITTED]
SQUISHY: Thank you.
SQUISHY: Ash...
Greninja will be in my care.
ASH: Yeah!
I'm counting on you, Squishy!
BONNIE: Hey, Squishy!
SQUISHY: We probably won't
see each other for a while, Bonie
BONNIE: It's okay!
I know that you've got a
lot of important work to do!
I'll always be cheering you on,
you know!
SQUISHY: I'll always be
with you, too, Bonnie...
BONNIE: I'll come and find
you when I become a Trainer!
We'll be together again!
That's a promise!
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
SQUISHY: Yes, that's a promise.
DEDENNE: [FAREWELL]
PIKACHU: [FAREWELL]
NOIVERN: [FAREWELL]
TALONFLAME: [FAREWELL]
HAWLUCHA: [FAREWELL]
PIKACHU/DEDENNE: [FAREWELL]
ASH:
Take care of yourself, Greninja!
BONNIE:
You too, Squishy! Take care!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [FAREWELL]
NARRATOR: Greninja and
Ash may be parting ways,
but this also means the
beginning of new encounters.
In search of their
own new encounters,
our heroes will no
doubt experience many new
and exciting adventures,
as the journey continues!